# Week Notes

---
"A system is not the sum of the behavior of it's parts, it's the product of their interactions"

yes and when you are functioning at a higher level and focusing on value the above is true

If the team is being pressured to deliver feature feature feature and then the work example looks good they are getting more and more "work" done

Maybe if we designated a difference between work and werk?

Jokin aside it's about the value the end user is able to captialize on that we strive for.

Make it easy for people to have fruitful interactions.

optimize for collaboration 

Woody Zuill's father said "A good question isn't for answers... it's for finding better questions"

Productivity

- Efficiency = Utilization
- Productivity = Getting things done
### Effectivness = Getting the right things done

The last is the hardest

Cause it's not about just getting the work "ready" it's about learning along the way

It's about the journey to an effect result

You can try and groom your way to a good story and I've found it far more effective to start trying and let that drive questions that clarify and focus the story.

Mobbing is about getting more of your team in that shared context

Not just devs

Maybe it's about the designers being mob adjacent

There's a balance there. How do I let them have their flow at times and others be in the mob and others be on call? More to ponder here.

Need to understand the point of view of the person who asked the question.

### Share the congnitive Load

How can we be effective if we seperate the people we need to be working together?

What are the things that destroy effectivness?

- micromanagement
- lack of freedom to learn
- time pressure - though oddly sometimes it can?
- toxicicity in the relationships among members of the team
- poor tooling
- arduous process 

What of we could elemintate the things that destroy effectiviness?

Highlights from a team Woody worked with: 
- poor environment
  - too much/little noise
- Context switching
- Lack of:
  - knowledge
  - skills
  - motivation
  - plan
  - shared understanding



---

Focus more on producing value for your user

Not getting more "work" done

You should find out what that means before going to a lot of trouble to build software

You should optimize your stack to minimize the cost of experimentation

Watching conference videos 

Taking to people about the topic

---

## Coaching Brain Dump

### Samaan Coaching Method

- 
- Learning Sessions
  - Katas
  - Connection


### From Ron Jeffries twitter:

- http://gregorriegler.com/2021/07/02/tdd-crash-course-from-the-back-of-the-room.html


### From previous SRE post:

- https://www.infoq.com/articles/spread-technical-practices-organization/
