# Shelby Teams and ???

---
- Standup with Shelby folk
- Retro with Shelby

### Kubernetes Session by Chris D.

- How do we get them invovled?
- limit talking to 10 - 15 mins
- is there a video we could just show?
  - Kubernetes in 5 mins https://youtu.be/PH-2FfFD2PU via @YouTube 
  - Kubernetes Crash Course for Absolute Beginners [NEW] https://youtu.be/s_o8dwzRlu4 via @YouTube 
  - What is Kubernetes? https://youtu.be/cC46cg5FFAM via @YouTube 
---

---
- Standup with Shelby folk
- 
---

### Product Extraction

- Wants to spin up a npm module in the front end as a temporary stop gap to get separation
- Is open to standing up a server
- Looks like next week for Shelby Teams?
- JS and Node katas?
- JS/Node Test tools
  - Mocha
  - Cypress
  - Nightwatch
  - Jest
  - ???



### OpenShift

- Dorman doesn't think it can handle the Gather Town precursor?
- Ford's impl makes it hard to get out of the cluster to anything
- Ford's OS is versions behind
- THe FCG's don't get containers and K8ts?
  - Maybe try 3 facts and a question exercise?



### Josh M from credit on Metrics

- Responded via slack 
- had some questions around what we meant by blockers
- system blockers across your org
- categorization convergence is hard
- Looking for overall patterns
- Datamart is bottle neck and it makes it so the APi enablement can't actually do their job and help others
- Will Pannell
- Working with account teams
- 


### Follow on to Josh M Conversation

- Dorman is cold on the fake data demo
  -  We all are not on the same page on this one in terms of goal, audience, Extraction
-  Explained the Keystone Practice questions are separate and not the Fake Data demo
-  Talk about management not trusting the engineers


### Static Analysis tools

- PMD

### Miro Board

- Did some clean up and rearranging
- Grouped some stuff
- added the couple of team norm items
- cleaned up the kanban board
- added new items to kanban board

