- Vibez is it valuable to have a way to check in and see that everyone is able to get into the survey?
- The results don't fit very well on the screen size
- chatbot for answers!
	- An opportunity to connect with users in a different way
	- And provide more specific answers different from the site
		- Maybe use the current back end as the last resort
- ---
- Ford Labs Brain Dump
	- Community who influences by doing
	- Mini moonshots
	- Embrace and promote fail fast culture
		- See google's culture of failure
		- Show Handy the video or maybe the whole group?
	- How to best get fast feedback on what the group is doing and where people think it's going?
		- 1 on 1s and yet yes I want to one where I just let them go with w/e is on their mind
		- Maybe a follow on where I have some questions ready
			- A la vibez style with different questions?
			- Maybe do a Vibez session with each?
			- Garner some dogfooding pride and gather good feedback?
- ---
- OWN Brain Dump from AM
	- Lots of good
		- Thought Vibez went fairly well
			- improved participation
			- Good change of pace
			- Fit well with having the earlier retro
		- On the Kickoff content
			- Confusion as I am pretty sure Joy was there for at least part
			- The search bar canvas and topic
			-
		- Ian's input
		- Next steps?
- https://leanlatte.ford.com/room/coachescuddle
- ---
- Meeting w/ Kevin Sivic, Chris Dorman, Charlotte Chang
	- So great though I think I annoyed Kevin
		- Asked for some feedback if he's up for it
	-
- ---
- Phew found the graphics thing I bought and then couldn't find
- theslidequest.com