- Stand up experiment put forth
- The group chose to try it for a month and did super awesome!
- Dorman pointed out our questions were leading and not great "user interview" questions
- Trying to sync up with Barcomb at some point today
- Talk to Jessica about adding more and more value to Miro to get away from "Where's that doc?
- Discussed which mobs to join
- Jumped into FlashMob Mob :)
- Pro/Con of Camera on Culture
- Mobbing cycletime blah
- coordination goes up
- siloing goes up
- rehashing goes up
- Kevin pointed out on wip cycle time and quality
- Erik 2.5
- Cody 2
- Kevin youngest 7
- Drift off and are not engaged
- Allison's thoughts on mobbing
- Hard to imagine has been part of a ton of high performing mobs
- Really hitting hard on the engagement
- So while pairing and mobbing and anytime how do you drive engagement
- Have we tried 2-3 min turns?
- can't get team to go down the right fork and then the left fork spend a couple hours
- As many people as makes sense
	- Think of the costs
		- context switching
		- staying in sync
- tribes at the gaming co
- 7 +- 2
- ~15 study from Rally?
- Is the stable team the Shelby Culture
- ---
- The Frame TV of varying sizes -- from 32 to 75 inches -- has large discounts at Amazon. Few TVs offer the unique elegance of the Frame, and some buyers may value its style over image quality. Even with the sale prices you'll pay a steep premium for The Frame's unique look.
- One non-Frame equivalent is the Samsung Q60A series, which has similar picture quality and costs about $300 less at the 55-inch size. Other TVs also cost less and have better image quality. For example, the Vizio M-7 Series Quantum achieves superior picture quality using full-array local dimming -- a feature these Samsung TVs lack -- and costs $430 less than The Frame at 55 inches.