- position
- goals
	- Community
		- Hire senior?
	- Norms
		- What ones make sense for all labs?
			- Which ones are helping us?
			- Why are they important to us?
			- Or How are they helping?
			- Is someone willing to write a one pager on the why?
	- Technical
		- GCP
			- WA?
			- Labs and the other high performing teams
			- Goldilocks
			-
		- Work Adventure
		-
			-
- Allocations
	- Overview
		- Not sure it's helping and have some indication that it's actually hurtin in some cases
		- Want to understand more
		- Goes toward Community
- EComm
	- Let's around this and feels a little disconnected how might we and should we look more holistically?
- ---
- Aligned along a goal
- organize around goal within the contraints
- Zoopa and betna
	- negotiations
- ---
- Structured swarming
- Skillsets and learning lense
- Have people self identify
	- What are you good at and interested in
	- What don't you like
		- even if you are good at it
- ---
- Change management
	- Given:
		- Thoughtworks
			- Rotating people can feel like a rug pull
			- Shift
				- partner based leadership
				- participartory
				- Servant
- ---
- Management services
- ease into it
- Allow people to opt out
- No less than 3 products
	- No just either or
	- How to help people make these trade offs
	- co-design
	- look for idetifying the constraints
		- eliminate knowledge silos
			- can't work alone
			- Domain
			- the skills
			- the people
		- How many people are opting out
		- How many people are meh
		- Am I going to learn a thing
		-
- ---
- Moon patrol space trucker like mashup!
	- Mobile friendly?
	- Seems like it needs one more ingredient...
- ---
- Nate Munk
	- Worked at labs a little
	- likes culture and people
	- That's important to him
	- Likes to code
	- flexibility
	- or autonomy
	- less bureacracy
- How do you see things
	-
- ---
- TODO poke at Amy about TO Il Engagement
- ---
- Ian 6 yrs
- Aeron Baker works Infra as Code
- Tanmay
- Tom Woods
	- 4 Ford Labs projects
	- ITO
- Steve Johnston
	- Cloud Platform owner for GCP, FCP, etc
-