- Create #dev
- Should we do a tech radar session as a eng meeting?
	- What are people using?
	- What new things do people want to learn?
	- What things are people actively learning?
- ---
-
-
- Ford Blue
	- RV
	- auctions
	- RV comes from the data from the auctions
	- used for forecasting
	-
- ---
	- 19556
- ---
- Better calendar integration for schedule
	-
- ---
- How best to control smart home devices from ESP Home?
	- Bite the bullet and pay for the cloud integration?
		- Except it's per location :(
	- Use Hubitat?
	- Again back to the I just want the f-ing button on the wall :(
- ---
- Sent pic to Kari for Labs site
- ---
- Lead follow up
	- SRE outage tracking
	- Is there other things they want to do that they aren't cause PE...
	- #TODO Ping Stefaniak
- ---
- Brad Kenoyer
- Wander wheels
-
- ---
- Talk with Handy
- Mike Volk
- Adam B
- Michelle T
- Amy Pal
- Starter working for Marci
- Lemmer would have the answer of what is all the money doing
- Strater did not have a good answer
- Ralph Harrington
	- PM
	- LL5
	- Mark Mills in Edison
	- Then Ryan in Credit
- Elena Suzy Aaron
- Aaron wants Suzy to be in charge
	-
	-
- ---
- Reduce toil
- What makes an org great?
- ---
- Talk
- Eng Meeting
- Matt Trueblood
	- Like DCS
	- Short time frame
	- high impact
- Matt liked the short 2-3 questions
	- Waitress
- Joe Merril
	- Adventure time
	- 6mo?
	- someone
- Matt T
	- People believe there is a cadence
	- And there seems to be a barrier
- hOW DO WE HIGHLIGHT THE positive as well as uncover the negative
	- Again back to the mini vibez
- pandemic induced static
- FITC -> Conference
	-
	-