- https://medium.com/the-side-hustle-club/earn-money-with-useless-bandwidth-and-a-25-single-board-computer-329bfc0ba055
- ---
- Manjusha
	- Product
		- Still good
	- TODO Manjusha 3rd quarter goals
	- TODO Check with Amy on w/e
	- vacay 2 months
	- Domain
	- People
	- Skills
	- Customer facing apps
	- not as much about tech as anything will be good
	- And people are also a toss
	- Not during the vacation if
- ---
- Need a way to see my crew dashboard are people out. When is the last time we checked in maybe a link to the notes?
- ---
- Naseem
	- ncns
- ---
- TODO Sub: Daz3D 2022/02/22
- ---
- Naseem round 2 reschedule
	- Goldilocks
		- GCP
			- Service owners
			- Github
				- links
		- micia McKenzie?
		- Gold Bundle doesn't seem possible given the current state
			- Which pieces are missing?
			- 10 offerings?
			- hosting
			- db
				- rel
				- non
			- messaging
			- caching
			- pipeline
			- storage
			- Asked user
				- Would this be helpful
				- Feedback
					- Well I'd like this and don't need all these
				- So people don't seem be able to agree on what the bundle would be
		- SLA in the forefront
		- App Teams pretty much no what offerings they want? Need?
		- Asks
			- Identifying groups to give feedback, validate, and answer questions around?
			- have a list of service owners
		- Team has been really great and ehlpful
		- Been emotionally draining
		- Felt thrown into the deep end
		- just when we think we've been
		- Feedback on team
			- It would be tough to switch out the PM
				- So avoid if we can
		- NextJS app
	- Allocations
		- A lot of poor experiences with it
		- Naseem herself had some bad experiences
		- This is the opportunity
		- Safe space in that I wasn't involved in the experiences
		-
		-