- Ops meeting
	- projects
	- Robotics Lab
		- Elise
			- Said that I put it well
		- Judy
			- Also agrees I put it well and we'll have some amounts of problems regardless
	- Sounds like the 4 of us + FordLand reps Emma, Jen, And the other person are the people to make the decision and just waiting for feedback from Fordland on a proposal
		- will follow up Fri if we haven't heard back
	- Put forth that I would like to go ahead with our strat offsite sooner rather than later.
		- Happy to wait for PM Lead if we think the next week or so will see us able to
		- Sounds like the Handy Replacement could be longer in arriving and thus don't want to wait 6-8wks to have a conversation
		- Don't have to cement everything
		- Would love to get to here are the 3-5 things we all agree we want to focus on
		- options include:
			- Go Team Templates and the let's help spend less time on startup
				- Maybe the start of John's white label idea
					- More specific starters for:
						- Landing page
						- Admin page
						- One other?
			- Ecomm
				- Simplified shopping is great and needs input and support on next steps?
					- They have good ideas and just aren't sure they want to go ahead when powers that be might shut it down?
			- Onboarding
			- Future of Labs...
				- What do we want to do?
				- How do we want to work now?
					- Robotics Lab
				- What cultural things do we want to make sure to carry forward?
					- Which ones can we even keep going?
				- We are a new labs and soon to be under new management
					- What does that mean?
				- Are we still about:
					- Incubation
					- Toil Reduction
					- w/e the third option is?